friends from youtube
and this time it 's from a tutorial
on how to put skin on your minecraft
1.5 points 2
either pirate then for pirate this
tutorial for awards serves us well
let's go to the page you get them
description of the video and here they will come
many skins and if you want to try one
nice if you want to see one and if
custom put here the name and
they choose the one they want me to
example I'm going to grab
and this
they give click to whoever they want
here it will take you to a good page to the
same
addiction will do to another page and here
will come what is an example of skiing
you are going to give him where he says here
there is forgiveness
without internet I walk a bit slow is a
where it says your computer will download
they are going to click
and they will download what is an image
wait
there is
already when they are downloaded, it does not weigh
mega the image they have to
download very fast because even kb of this one
but they go to the desk or where they have
saved the steps of the writer
wait now when you have it in the
desktop is going to create what is this
you are going to click right and
change their name and they 'll put char like that
as it sounds it is h
r is the banna you change after they go to
start run and go to percent app
data percent and you must accept here
they will go
point minecraft and come to pink and in
where I did minecraft they will click
right to open with winrar file
archive
and here wait for them to open up what
it's the world
let's hope
there are many tutorials on this
but what nothing else explain in the
videos that I've seen is that
this nothing else explain what
it happens in the image here and they do not explain what
which is the other part for them to grasp
good they go love when they are opened
they join master as well and you have to look for the
who says to throw you give suppress or give
right click and delete here wait and
already when they are eliminated they will pass what
it is the image here and they will give it in accept
later they will be the wild card and they will
bean
they go
options
and they are going to open this document of
text in which they will look where it says
where you say skin and here it will appear
that thus default something like this is going to
appear what you have to do
is to put char png as it is here in
where he says skin and they give him in guard
and they will have what is their corner
minecraft and good friends that's it
I hope you liked it and above all
that have served you, comment subscribe
and scores and adds was favorites for
hands tutorials and gameplays this was from
1999 goodbye